 CLUB CANIS CANIS
My Canine Companion Website: A Digital Hub for Dog Lovers
In the vast world of online pet resources, I've created a dedicated website that celebrates our four-legged friends. Inspired by existing successful dog-focused platforms, my site aims to provide a comprehensive and engaging resource for dog enthusiasts, owners, and anyone passionate about canine companionship.
Drawing inspiration from popular dog-related websites like DogTime, The Wildest, and American Kennel Club (AKC), I've crafted a digital space that offers valuable information, resources, and community connections. These established platforms have been instrumental in shaping my approach, demonstrating the importance of providing reliable, informative, and engaging content about dogs.

The project was started with the HTML structure. And then i could continue working
with Java Script and CSS.  My JavaScript dog website project is a personal learning journey in web development, focused on creating an interactive platform that demonstrates modern programming techniques. By building a dynamic, dog-themed web application, I'm exploring JavaScript's capabilities in rendering content, handling user interactions, and developing responsive interfaces. The project serves as a practical playground for improving my coding skills, showcasing how programming can transform a simple website into an engaging digital experience. Through this endeavor, I'm not just learning to code, but crafting an interactive space that brings together technology and my passion for dogs.

Acknowledgements
Awesome Readme Templates
Awesome README
API Reference

Get all items
  GET /api/items
Parameter	Type	Description
api_key	string	Required. Your API key
Get item
  GET /api/items/${id}
Parameter	Type	Description
id	string	Required. Id of item to fetch
add(num1, num2)
Takes two numbers and returns the sum.


Get a free API Key at https://example.com
Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/github_username/repo_name.git
Install NPM packages
npm install
Enter your API in config.js
const API_KEY = 'ENTER YOUR API';
Change git remote url to avoid accidental pushes to base project
git remote set-url origin github_username/repo_name
git remote -v # confirm the changes


Appendix
In this Website has been used all the officials websides of each Football Team 
that you find in SOME-TEAMS.
Offcourse the use off this websites were granted by the manager and CEOs of every
Football Club that is part in this website.
Check the main sites in the pain page of this webside.


Author
luisal.arranz

